basic/resources.md, before:

# Resources

一些有用的网络资源，待整理。

## Online Tools

- [Rubular](http://rubular.com/) - 在线正则解析器
- [TinyPng](https://tinypng.com/) - 压缩图片

### JS Playground

- [JS Bin](http://jsbin.com)
- [JS Fiddle](https://jsfiddle.net/)
- [CodePen](https://codepen.io/)
- [CodeSandbox](https://codesandbox.io/)
- [Glitch](https://glitch.com/)

### SQL Playground

- [SQL Fiddle](http://sqlfiddle.com/)

### MISC

- [共享画板](https://witeboard.com/)

## API

- [GitHub REST API v3](https://developer.github.com/v3/)
- [Dribbble API v2](https://developer.dribbble.com/v2/)
- [News API](https://newsapi.org/) - Access worldwide news with code
- [TVMaze API](http://www.tvmaze.com/api) - Search TV shows information

## Learn Technology

- [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/) - 很多技术 channel
- [dev.tube](https://dev.tube/) - 从 YouTube 爬取的与技术相关的 channel
- [掘金](https://juejin.im/)
- [love2.io](https://love2.io/)
- [rails365](https://www.rails365.net/books)
- [菜鸟教程](http://www.runoob.com/)
- [W3C School 教程](https://www.w3cschool.cn/tutorial)
- [极客学院 Wiki](http://wiki.jikexueyuan.com/)
- [Teach Yourself Computer Science](https://teachyourselfcs.com/)

### JS

- [Egghead](https://egghead.io/)
- [freeCodeCamp](https://www.freecodecamp.org/)

### Android

- [泡在网上的日子](http://www.jcodecraeer.com/)
- [HenCoder](http://hencoder.com/)
- [androidHive](https://www.androidhive.info/)

### iOS & Swift

- [BoxueIO](https://boxueio.com/)
- [小波说雨燕](http://xiaoboswift.com/)
- [Design + Code](https://designcode.io/)
- [Ray Wenderlich](https://www.raywenderlich.com/)

### Rails

- [Go Rails](https://gorails.com/)
- [Grant's World - Ruby Coder](http://grantcss.com/)
- [RailsCasts](http://railscasts.com/)
- [Ruby on Rails 实战圣经](https://ihower.tw/rails/index-cn.html)

## Design

- [UpLabs](https://www.uplabs.com)
- [CollectUI](http://collectui.com/)

### 配色

- [colorhunt](http://www.colorhunt.co/)
- [coolors](https://coolors.co/)
- [colorsupplyyy](http://colorsupplyyy.com/app/)
- [color search](https://picular.co/)
- [background](https://coolbackgrounds.io/)

### 原型工具

- [AtomFramer](http://www.atomframer.com/)

## Free Pictures

- [Free Photos](https://freephotos.cc/zh) - 同时提供 API
- [Unsplash](https://unsplash.com/) - 提供 API
- [Pixabay](https://pixabay.com/) - Pixabay · 惊人的免费图片

## eBooks

- [Library Genesis](http://gen.lib.rus.ec/)
- [Free ebooks - Project Gutenberg](http://www.gutenberg.org/)
- [ScanLibs](http://scanlibs.com/)
- [我的小书屋](http://mebook.cc/)
- [IT eBooks](http://www.it-ebooks.info/)

## Entertainment

- [MoivesTea](http://www.moviestea.com/)

## Remote work

- [Eastvox](http://eastvox.com/)

Commit message:

Add resource about star wars api

basic/resources.md, after:

# Resources

一些有用的网络资源，待整理。

## Online Tools

- [Rubular](http://rubular.com/) - 在线正则解析器
- [TinyPng](https://tinypng.com/) - 压缩图片

### JS Playground

- [JS Bin](http://jsbin.com)
- [JS Fiddle](https://jsfiddle.net/)
- [CodePen](https://codepen.io/)
- [CodeSandbox](https://codesandbox.io/)
- [Glitch](https://glitch.com/)

### SQL Playground

- [SQL Fiddle](http://sqlfiddle.com/)

### MISC

- [共享画板](https://witeboard.com/)

## API

- [GitHub REST API v3](https://developer.github.com/v3/)
- [Dribbble API v2](https://developer.dribbble.com/v2/)
- [News API](https://newsapi.org/) - Access worldwide news with code
- [TVMaze API](http://www.tvmaze.com/api) - Search TV shows information
- [The Star Wars API](https://swapi.co/) - Star Wars Planets, Spaceships, Vehicles, People, Films and Species

## Learn Technology

- [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/) - 很多技术 channel
- [dev.tube](https://dev.tube/) - 从 YouTube 爬取的与技术相关的 channel
- [掘金](https://juejin.im/)
- [love2.io](https://love2.io/)
- [rails365](https://www.rails365.net/books)
- [菜鸟教程](http://www.runoob.com/)
- [W3C School 教程](https://www.w3cschool.cn/tutorial)
- [极客学院 Wiki](http://wiki.jikexueyuan.com/)
- [Teach Yourself Computer Science](https://teachyourselfcs.com/)

### JS

- [Egghead](https://egghead.io/)
- [freeCodeCamp](https://www.freecodecamp.org/)

### Android

- [泡在网上的日子](http://www.jcodecraeer.com/)
- [HenCoder](http://hencoder.com/)
- [androidHive](https://www.androidhive.info/)

### iOS & Swift

- [BoxueIO](https://boxueio.com/)
- [小波说雨燕](http://xiaoboswift.com/)
- [Design + Code](https://designcode.io/)
- [Ray Wenderlich](https://www.raywenderlich.com/)

### Rails

- [Go Rails](https://gorails.com/)
- [Grant's World - Ruby Coder](http://grantcss.com/)
- [RailsCasts](http://railscasts.com/)
- [Ruby on Rails 实战圣经](https://ihower.tw/rails/index-cn.html)

## Design

- [UpLabs](https://www.uplabs.com)
- [CollectUI](http://collectui.com/)

### 配色

- [colorhunt](http://www.colorhunt.co/)
- [coolors](https://coolors.co/)
- [colorsupplyyy](http://colorsupplyyy.com/app/)
- [color search](https://picular.co/)
- [background](https://coolbackgrounds.io/)

### 原型工具

- [AtomFramer](http://www.atomframer.com/)

## Free Pictures

- [Free Photos](https://freephotos.cc/zh) - 同时提供 API
- [Unsplash](https://unsplash.com/) - 提供 API
- [Pixabay](https://pixabay.com/) - Pixabay · 惊人的免费图片

## eBooks

- [Library Genesis](http://gen.lib.rus.ec/)
- [Free ebooks - Project Gutenberg](http://www.gutenberg.org/)
- [ScanLibs](http://scanlibs.com/)
- [我的小书屋](http://mebook.cc/)
- [IT eBooks](http://www.it-ebooks.info/)

## Entertainment

- [MoivesTea](http://www.moviestea.com/)

## Remote work

- [Eastvox](http://eastvox.com/)
